Our_Story.md, before:

# The End Of the World As We Know It


Once upon a time, a virus had spread across the world like wildfire. The year was 2120 and life for human beings was slowly coming to an inevitable end and they all knew it. Those who were fortunate enough to still be alive spent their days rummaging through deteriorating buildings and empty houses in search of whatever they could find to sustain them. Timothy Gray sat in an abandoned grocery store and stared at a picture in his wallet. He did it for her, she was the love of his life. The only thing that kept him going was the thought of being reunited with her, to spend the final moments on earth with her. It was all he wanted, for he hadn’t seen her since before the virus started. The last conversation they had was after the world went into a quarantine. They spoke over walkie talkies, and he’s held onto it over the years in hopes of hearing her voice one last time.

⤜

> ### Buildup - Person Assigned: William

Replace text with your part of the story here

⤜

It seemed like everybody had succumbed to the virus in one way or another. Electric grids, schools, banks, and communities had fallen into disrepair. Looting and bartering became more common than buying. So the difficulty in making these arrangements was not surprising. Life was chaotic, but Timothy supposed it was chaotic even before the end times.

Timothy had managed to hold onto his backpack which housed all his essentials: some seeds he hoped to plant, a pint of whiskey (he wasn't much of a drinker but the water wars had made the liquid unobtainable for most so he settled for what is known in Gaelic as "uisge beatha" or "water of life"), a shovel, a rope, a flint, a few pieces of gold, that old walkie talkie and most imporantly...a photo of her. 

It was all he needed to make his trek to Rachel. And he did. He finally boarded a plane after waiting for so long to see her--and he didn't know he would ever find her and yet had an undeniable feeling that he would. He figured it felt like fate. 

The flight was peaceful enough despite the fact that the plane was old and would've been decomissioned in earlier days, but you could be pickier in earlier days. These were the end days. Timothy sat patiently holding onto this hope; the photo of Rachel in his hand and her memory in his heart. He was so cheery and optimistic he even struck up a non-verbal conversation with another passenger on the plane (people didn't talk anymore--fear of the virus). They were hoping to find somebody, too. 

Just as Timothy was learning the stranger's story the plane jolted. The pressure in the cabin fell instantly. Timothy's heart, preoccupied with Rachel, barely jumped, but the rest of the passengers were consumed by terror. He could barely hold Rachel's voice in his head above all the screaming. 

Then he had a thought he tried to avoid: what if he never holds her again?

The thought pierced his mind and made everything go black. Not the fear of dying; the fear of being without her.

⤜

In what felt like a single second, but was actually a few hours later, he woke up amidst the rubble of the plane. It wasn't exactly the best welcome into the world, but at this point, Timothy wasn't surprised. In the first place, going on a plane amongst the chaos wasn't the smartest idea but Timothy was willing to do anything to see Rachel again. He must have been knocked out for a long time because other than himself, the only people around were those who were unfortunate enough to not have survived the crash. He felt an emptiness in his heart at this fact.

He rummaged through his backpack, pulling out his old walkie talkie. Holding the walkie talkie brought back memories of their long-ago late-night conversations and a small smile made its way onto his face. There were limited ways to contact her, what with the lack of internet or cell service, so walkie talkie it was. She might have just thrown hers away, and if she hadn’t, what was the chance that she had hers turned on too?

“Still, it wouldn’t hurt to try,” Timothy thought. He made sure it was on and tuned to their channel before clearing his throat and pressing down on the transmit button.

“Is anyone there? Over,” he spoke into the walkie talkie. Static. He repeated the cycle a few more times and was about to give up when he heard some muffled sounds.

“Who’s there? Over,” said a feminine voice. He recognized that voice! He was surprised her walkie talkie was even in range. She must be close.

“It’s me, Timothy. Is that you, Rachel? Over.”

“It is! Is that really you Timothy? Why-I can’t believe this is the way we’re talking to each other again,” she laughed. He missed her laugh. No- he missed her. He would’ve never imagined that an apocalypse is what it would take to get them speaking to each other again. Over their old walkie talkies, they caught up and reminisced about their past. It didn’t take long before they were planning to meet. After all in an apocalypse where the world was slowly dying, having company was more comfortable than wandering alone. He told her about he had barely survived the plane crash. He felt relieved when she told him that she didn't live very far from the area the plane had crashed. She told him she would meet him there in an hour. He was willing to wait but his injuries were taking a toll on him the longer he waited.

⤜

With the smoldering wreckage in the background, Timothy drew ragged breaths, his body sore from the crash. Sore soles and his joints screaming out in his mind, he saw the silhouette of his love illuminated by the lights behind her. Reinvigorated by the sight, he ran, reaching for that fragment of a desired life. And out of nowhere, they embraced. He dropped the walkie talkie as soft hands combing through Timothy's hair and his heavy breathing began to slow. Looking up with his tired eyes to the face he had missed for who knows how long, tears streamed as he felt joy for the first time in ages. Though everything around them grew more and more unstable, he was happy, and so too was their love. Their words lost in the torrent, nothing could convey they euphoria they felt together for the first and last time. But for however long it was, the two were able to live happily ever after.

Commit message:

Added Williams content
Added in Williams portion of the story.

Our_Story.md, after:

# The End Of the World As We Know It


Once upon a time, a virus had spread across the world like wildfire. The year was 2120 and life for human beings was slowly coming to an inevitable end and they all knew it. Those who were fortunate enough to still be alive spent their days rummaging through deteriorating buildings and empty houses in search of whatever they could find to sustain them. Timothy Gray sat in an abandoned grocery store and stared at a picture in his wallet. He did it for her, she was the love of his life. The only thing that kept him going was the thought of being reunited with her, to spend the final moments on earth with her. It was all he wanted, for he hadn’t seen her since before the virus started. The last conversation they had was after the world went into a quarantine. They spoke over walkie talkies, and he’s held onto it over the years in hopes of hearing her voice one last time.

⤜

It turned out Timothy was able to win some money at a casino playing the slots at a casino and with the $15,000.00 he had won, he had rushed to buy a plane ticket in hopes of applying for a visa to go to the war-bound country in East Africa. Tim then realized that he would not able to gain a tourist visa on arrivial so he was super confused and upset. He had been eager to contact his intimate partner whom he had lost contact with.

Things had became better for Tim because he was fortunate enough to visit his partner twice in her country before the virus terrorized the entire earth. So Tim was aware on how to locate Rachel from his past visits to her country. Tim was very worried because things was not great in Rachel's country either. Tim finally tried to apply online for a visa but the website was down for maintenance.

A month went by with Tim eagerly searching for answers from an immigration attorney on how to apply for a visa thru the Embassy but because the embassy was not allowing walk in visits, it was difficult. But By surprise, Tim went back to check the online visa website which was open now for visa applications and in less then two days, they sent Tim an 90 day visa to return to Rachel, his future wife - hopefully soon.
⤜

It seemed like everybody had succumbed to the virus in one way or another. Electric grids, schools, banks, and communities had fallen into disrepair. Looting and bartering became more common than buying. So the difficulty in making these arrangements was not surprising. Life was chaotic, but Timothy supposed it was chaotic even before the end times.

Timothy had managed to hold onto his backpack which housed all his essentials: some seeds he hoped to plant, a pint of whiskey (he wasn't much of a drinker but the water wars had made the liquid unobtainable for most so he settled for what is known in Gaelic as "uisge beatha" or "water of life"), a shovel, a rope, a flint, a few pieces of gold, that old walkie talkie and most imporantly...a photo of her. 

It was all he needed to make his trek to Rachel. And he did. He finally boarded a plane after waiting for so long to see her--and he didn't know he would ever find her and yet had an undeniable feeling that he would. He figured it felt like fate. 

The flight was peaceful enough despite the fact that the plane was old and would've been decomissioned in earlier days, but you could be pickier in earlier days. These were the end days. Timothy sat patiently holding onto this hope; the photo of Rachel in his hand and her memory in his heart. He was so cheery and optimistic he even struck up a non-verbal conversation with another passenger on the plane (people didn't talk anymore--fear of the virus). They were hoping to find somebody, too. 

Just as Timothy was learning the stranger's story the plane jolted. The pressure in the cabin fell instantly. Timothy's heart, preoccupied with Rachel, barely jumped, but the rest of the passengers were consumed by terror. He could barely hold Rachel's voice in his head above all the screaming. 

Then he had a thought he tried to avoid: what if he never holds her again?

The thought pierced his mind and made everything go black. Not the fear of dying; the fear of being without her.

⤜

In what felt like a single second, but was actually a few hours later, he woke up amidst the rubble of the plane. It wasn't exactly the best welcome into the world, but at this point, Timothy wasn't surprised. In the first place, going on a plane amongst the chaos wasn't the smartest idea but Timothy was willing to do anything to see Rachel again. He must have been knocked out for a long time because other than himself, the only people around were those who were unfortunate enough to not have survived the crash. He felt an emptiness in his heart at this fact.

He rummaged through his backpack, pulling out his old walkie talkie. Holding the walkie talkie brought back memories of their long-ago late-night conversations and a small smile made its way onto his face. There were limited ways to contact her, what with the lack of internet or cell service, so walkie talkie it was. She might have just thrown hers away, and if she hadn’t, what was the chance that she had hers turned on too?

“Still, it wouldn’t hurt to try,” Timothy thought. He made sure it was on and tuned to their channel before clearing his throat and pressing down on the transmit button.

“Is anyone there? Over,” he spoke into the walkie talkie. Static. He repeated the cycle a few more times and was about to give up when he heard some muffled sounds.

“Who’s there? Over,” said a feminine voice. He recognized that voice! He was surprised her walkie talkie was even in range. She must be close.

“It’s me, Timothy. Is that you, Rachel? Over.”

“It is! Is that really you Timothy? Why-I can’t believe this is the way we’re talking to each other again,” she laughed. He missed her laugh. No- he missed her. He would’ve never imagined that an apocalypse is what it would take to get them speaking to each other again. Over their old walkie talkies, they caught up and reminisced about their past. It didn’t take long before they were planning to meet. After all in an apocalypse where the world was slowly dying, having company was more comfortable than wandering alone. He told her about he had barely survived the plane crash. He felt relieved when she told him that she didn't live very far from the area the plane had crashed. She told him she would meet him there in an hour. He was willing to wait but his injuries were taking a toll on him the longer he waited.

⤜

With the smoldering wreckage in the background, Timothy drew ragged breaths, his body sore from the crash. Sore soles and his joints screaming out in his mind, he saw the silhouette of his love illuminated by the lights behind her. Reinvigorated by the sight, he ran, reaching for that fragment of a desired life. And out of nowhere, they embraced. He dropped the walkie talkie as soft hands combing through Timothy's hair and his heavy breathing began to slow. Looking up with his tired eyes to the face he had missed for who knows how long, tears streamed as he felt joy for the first time in ages. Though everything around them grew more and more unstable, he was happy, and so too was their love. Their words lost in the torrent, nothing could convey they euphoria they felt together for the first and last time. But for however long it was, the two were able to live happily ever after.
