README.md, before:

# IT115-GROUP2
Repo for Group 2's IT 115 Branch Pull Merge Repeat Project

Storyline (in progress): A tragedy about a character that has been seperated from their love interest for most of their life, but as the world ends around them (apocalypse: virus) for some reason they manage to force their way out of their bindings, only to spend their last precious moments together. 

Wireframe of Story:

Beginning - Person Assigned: Sam  

Character introduction, set the scene, begin the layout of some apocalypse, who is the object of their attention

_____________________
Buildup - Person Assigned: William    

Build tension, what is binding the character to their problems, what is stopping them from reaching their object of attention

_____________________
Climax - Person Assigned:  Brink  

Breaking free of bindings and running from things

_____________________

Resolution - Person Assigned:  Hanan    

He rummaged through his backpack, pulling out his old walkie talkie. Holding the walkie talkie brought back memories of their long-ago late-night conversations and a small smile made its way onto his face. There were limited ways to contact her, what with the lack of internet or cell service, so walkie talkie it was. She might have just thrown hers away, and if she hadn’t, what was the chance that she had hers turned on too?      

“Still, it wouldn’t hurt to try,” Timothy thought. He made sure it was on and tuned to their channel before clearing his throat and pressing down on the transmit button.      

“Is anyone there? Over,” he spoke into the walkie talkie. Static. He repeated the cycle a few more times and was about to give up when he heard some muffled sounds.        

“Who’s there? Over,” said a feminine voice. He recognized that voice!       

“It’s me, Timothy. Is that you, (Name)? Over.”      

“It is! Is that really you Timothy? Why-I can’t believe this is the way we’re talking to each other again,” she laughed. He missed her laugh. No- he missed her. He would’ve never imagined that an apocalypse is what it would take to get them speaking to each other again. Over their old walkie talkies, they caught up and reminisced about their past. It didn’t take long before they were planning to meet. After all in an apocalypse where the world was slowly dying, having company was more comfortable than wandering alone.       

They agreed to meet up in a deserted neighborhood he had found on one of his outings. They both needed to be prepared because it would be a dangerous journey. After the virus had broken out, chaos had taken place. People took advantage of the panic and disorderliness that resulted from the news of the virus. Stores were getting looted, buildings were on fire, and violence prevailed. At times like this, people were their own worst enemy.    
_____________________

End - Person Assigned: Austin  

With everything collapsing, Timothy drew ragged breaths, their feet sore from running. Sore soles and screaming out in his mind, he saw the silhouette of his love illuminated by the flames behind them. Reinvigorated by the sight, he continued to run reaching for that fragment of a desired life. And out of nowhere, they embraced. Soft hands combing through timothy's hair and his heavy breathing began to slow. Looking up with his tired eyes to the face he had missed for who knows how long, tears streamed as he felt joy for the first time in ages. Though everything around them grew more and more unstable, he was happy, and so too was their love. Their words lost in the torrent, nothing could convey they euphoria they felt together for the first and last time. But for however long it was, the two were able to live happily ever after.

Commit message:

Added a couple paragraphs to my portion of the story...will probably add more when I read what Will came up with, etc

README.md, after:

# IT115-GROUP2
Repo for Group 2's IT 115 Branch Pull Merge Repeat Project

Storyline (in progress): A tragedy about a character that has been seperated from their love interest for most of their life, but as the world ends around them (apocalypse: virus) for some reason they manage to force their way out of their bindings, only to spend their last precious moments together. 

Wireframe of Story:

Beginning - Person Assigned: Sam  

Character introduction, set the scene, begin the layout of some apocalypse, who is the object of their attention

_____________________
Buildup - Person Assigned: William    

Build tension, what is binding the character to their problems, what is stopping them from reaching their object of attention

_____________________
Climax - Person Assigned:  Brink  

It seemed like everybody had succumbed to the virus in one way or another. Electric grids, schools, banks, and communities had fallen into disrepair. Looting and bartering became more common than buying. Life was chaotic, but Timothy supposed it was chaotic even before the end times came upon him.

Timothy had managed to hold onto his backpack which housed all his essentials: some seeds he hoped to plant, a pint of whiskey (he wasn't much of a drinker but the water wars had made the liquid unobtainable for most so he settled for what Gaelics call "uisge beatha" or "water of life"), a shovel, a rope, a flint, that old walkie talkie and most imporantly...a photo of her. 


_____________________

Resolution - Person Assigned:  Hanan    

He rummaged through his backpack, pulling out his old walkie talkie. Holding the walkie talkie brought back memories of their long-ago late-night conversations and a small smile made its way onto his face. There were limited ways to contact her, what with the lack of internet or cell service, so walkie talkie it was. She might have just thrown hers away, and if she hadn’t, what was the chance that she had hers turned on too?      

“Still, it wouldn’t hurt to try,” Timothy thought. He made sure it was on and tuned to their channel before clearing his throat and pressing down on the transmit button.      

“Is anyone there? Over,” he spoke into the walkie talkie. Static. He repeated the cycle a few more times and was about to give up when he heard some muffled sounds.        

“Who’s there? Over,” said a feminine voice. He recognized that voice!       

“It’s me, Timothy. Is that you, (Name)? Over.”      

“It is! Is that really you Timothy? Why-I can’t believe this is the way we’re talking to each other again,” she laughed. He missed her laugh. No- he missed her. He would’ve never imagined that an apocalypse is what it would take to get them speaking to each other again. Over their old walkie talkies, they caught up and reminisced about their past. It didn’t take long before they were planning to meet. After all in an apocalypse where the world was slowly dying, having company was more comfortable than wandering alone.       

They agreed to meet up in a deserted neighborhood he had found on one of his outings. They both needed to be prepared because it would be a dangerous journey. After the virus had broken out, chaos had taken place. People took advantage of the panic and disorderliness that resulted from the news of the virus. Stores were getting looted, buildings were on fire, and violence prevailed. At times like this, people were their own worst enemy.    
_____________________

End - Person Assigned: Austin  

With everything collapsing, Timothy drew ragged breaths, their feet sore from running. Sore soles and screaming out in his mind, he saw the silhouette of his love illuminated by the flames behind them. Reinvigorated by the sight, he continued to run reaching for that fragment of a desired life. And out of nowhere, they embraced. Soft hands combing through timothy's hair and his heavy breathing began to slow. Looking up with his tired eyes to the face he had missed for who knows how long, tears streamed as he felt joy for the first time in ages. Though everything around them grew more and more unstable, he was happy, and so too was their love. Their words lost in the torrent, nothing could convey they euphoria they felt together for the first and last time. But for however long it was, the two were able to live happily ever after.
